README.md, before:

CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine
==================================
## CSCI440 - Operating Systems
Adapted from University of Colorado at Boulder CSCI3753 Assignment

## Introduction
In this assignment you will develop a multi-threaded application that resolves domain names to IP addresses, similar to the operation preformed each time you access a new website in your web browser. The application is composed of two sub-systems, each with one thread pool: requesters and resolvers. The sub-systems communicate with each other using a bounded
queue.

This type of system architecture is referred to as a Producer-Consumer architecture. It is also used in search engine systems, like Google. In these systems, a set of crawler threads place URLs onto a queue. This queue is then serviced by a set of indexer threads which connect to the websites, parse the content, and then add an entry to a search index. Refer to Figure 1 for a visual description.


Figure 1: System Architecture
![Figure 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSUChico-CSCI440/CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/main/handout/pa2_2.png "System Architecture: Basic Idea of Implementation")

## Description
### Name Files
Your application will take as input a set of name files. Names files contain one hostname per line. Each name file should be serviced by a single requester thread from the requester thread pool.

### Requester Threads
The requester thread pool services a set of name files, each of which contains a list of domain names. Each name that is read from each of the files is placed on a bounded buffer (e.g. stack or FIFO queue). If a thread tries to write to the bounded buffer but finds that it is full, it should sleep for a random period of time between 0 and 100 microseconds.

### Resolver Threads
The second thread pool is comprised of a set of **THREAD_MAX** resolver threads. The resolver thread pool services the bounded buffer by taking a name off the bounded buffer and querying its IP address. After the name has been mapped to an IP address, the output is written to a line in the `results.txt` file in the following format:
```
www.google.com,74.125.224.81
```

### Synchronization and Deadlock
Your application should synchronize access to shared resources to avoid race conditions and deadlock. **You must use mutexes and/or semaphores to meet this requirement**. There are at least two shared resources that must be protected: the bounded buffer and the output file. Neither of these resources is thread-safe by default.

### Ending the Program
Your program must end after all the names in each file have been serviced by the application. This means that all the hostnames in all the input files have received a corresponding line in the output file.

## Hand Out Instructions
I recommend you use an Ubuntu Linux virtual machine to complete this assignment. Alternatively, you can
use ecc-linux (although this hasn’t been tested) or your native Linux install.

Download this repository as a zip file and then extract it where you would like to store your project files. An example for downloading and extracting the zip file is below, assuming you are in your home directory (you may remove the main.zip file after unzipping it):

```bash
~$ wget https://github.com/CSUChico-CSCI440/CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/archive/refs/heads/main.zip
~$ unzip main.zip
~$ cd CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/DNS-handout/
```

## What's Included
Some files are included with this assignment for your benefit. You are not required to use these files, but they may prove helpful.

1. **queue.h** and **queue.c** These two files implement the FIFO queue data structure. The queue accepts pointers to arbitrary types. You should probably use the queue to store pointers to C-strings of hostnames. The requester threads should push these hostnames into the queue, and the resolver threads should obtain hostnames from the same queue.
	* Please consult the *queue.h* header file for more detailed descriptions of each available function.
2. **queueTest.c** This program runs a series of tests to confirm that the queue is working correctly. You may use it as an example of how to use the queue, or to test the functionality of the queue code that you are provided.
3. **util.c** and **util.h** These two files contain the DNS lookup utility function. This function abstracts away a lot of the complexity involved with performing a DNS lookup. The function accepts a hostname as input and generates a corresponding dot-formatted IPv4 IP address string as output.
	* Please consult the *util.h* header file for more detailed descriptions of each available function.
4. **input/names\*.txt** This is a set of sample name files. They follow the same format as mentioned earlier. Use them to test your program.
   	* I recommend you make a copy of this folder to have a backup of these input files, e.g. `cp -r input input-original`
   	* This is useful in case you accidentally overwrite one or more of these files when executing the program
6. **results-ref.txt** This result file is a sample output of the IPs for the hostnames from all the **names\*.txt** files used as input.
	* This file does not exist by default. You can create the reference results file by running the lookup program, e.g.:
		* `./lookup input/names1.txt input/names2.txt input/names3.txt input/names4.txt input/names5.txt results-ref.txt`
8. **lookup.c** This program represents an un-threaded solution to this assignment. Feel free to use it as a starting point for your program, or as a reference for using the utility functions and performing file i/o in C.
9. **pthread-hello.c** A simple threaded "Hello World" program to demonstrate basic use of the `pthread` library.
10. **Makefile** A GNU Make makefile to build all the code.

## Additional Specifications
Many of the specifications for your program are embedded in the descriptions above. This section details additional specifications to which you must adhere.

### Program Arguments
Your executable program should be named "multi-lookup". When called, it should interpret the last argument as the file path for the file to which results will be written. All proceeding arguments should be interpreted as input files containing hostnames in the aforementioned format.

An example call involving three input files might look like:
```
multi-lookup names1.txt names2.txt names3.txt result.txt
```

### Limits
If necessary, you may impose the following limits on your program. If the user specifies input that would require the violation of an imposed limit, your program should gracefully alert the user to the limit and exit with an error.
* **MAX_INPUT_FILES**: 10 Files (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may also handle more files, or an unbounded number of files, but may not be limited to less than 10 input files.)
* **MAX_RESOLVER_THREADS**: 10 Threads (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may also handle more threads, or match the number of threads to the number of processor cores.)
* **MIN_RESOLVER_THREADS**: 2 Threads (This is a mandatory lower-limit. Your program may handle more threads, or match the number of threads to the number of processor cores, but must always provide at least 2 resolver threads.)
* **MAX_NAME_LENGTH**: 1025 Characters, including null terminator (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may handle longer names, but you may not limit the name length to less than 1025 characters.)
* **MAX_IP_LENGTH**: INET6_ADDRSTRLEN (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may handle longer IP address strings, but you may not limit the name length to less than INET6_ADDRSTRLEN characters including the null terminator.)

### Error Handling
You must handle the following errors in the following manners:
* **Bogus Hostname**: Given a hostname that can not be resolved, your program should output a blank string for the IP address, such that the output file contains the hostname, followed by a comma, followed by a line return. You should also print a message to stderr alerting the user to the bogus hostname.
* **Bogus Output File Path**: Given a bad output file path, your program should exit and print an appropriate error to stderr.
* **Bogus Input File Path**: Given a bad input file path, your program should print an appropriate error to stderr and move on to the next file.

All system and library calls should be checked for errors. If you encounter errors not listed above, you should print an appropriate message to stderr, and then either exit or continue, depending upon whether or not you can recover from the error gracefully.

## External Resources
You may use the following libraries and code to complete this assignment, as well as anything you have written for this assignment:
* Any functions listed in util.h
* Any functions listed in queue.h
* Any functions in the C Standard Library
* Any function in the unistd.h package
* Standard Linux pthread functions
* Standard Linux Random Number Generator functions
* Standard Linux I/O functions

If you would like to use additional external libraries, you must clear it with me first. You will not be allowed to use pre-existing thread-safe queue or file I/O libraries since the point of this assignment is to teach you how to make non-thread-safe resources thread-safe.

## What You Must Provide
To receive full credit, you must submit the following items to [INGInious](https://inginious.csuchico.edu/) by the due date.

* **multi-lookup.c**: Your program, conforming to the above requirements
* **multi-lookup.h**: A header file containing prototypes for any function you write as part of your program.

## Extra Credit
There are a few options for receiving extra credit on this assignment. Completion of each of the following items will gain you 5 points of extra credit per item. If you alter any files other than *multi-lookup.c* and *multi-lookup.h* to accomplish the extra credit make sure you submit them as part of your assignment by taring up your whole project directory as a tar.gz file and submit to the extra credit option on INGInious. **Make sure you turn in your original functioning project (which synchronizes access to shared resources using mutexes and/or semaphores) prior to attempting any of the extra credit**. 

You should submit all the extra credit code in one tar.gz file. This tar file should contain a README.md that lists off which extra credit you solved, as well as your code for the extra credit (you may submit all extra credit in the same folder or in multiple folders, with the folder name representing the extra credit solved). Depending on the extra credits you complete, you may want to keep a copy of your original functioning program in a folder separate from your extra credit folder(s).

* **Multiple IP Addresses**: Many hostnames return more than a single IP address. Add support for listing an arbitrary number of addresses to your program. These addresses should be printed to the output file as additional comma-separated strings after the hostname. For example:
```
www.google.com,74.125.224.81,76.125.232.80,75.125.211.70
```
You may find it necessary to modify code in the util.h and util.c files to add this functionality. If you do this, please maintain backwards compatibility with the existing util.h functions. This is most easily done by adding new function instead of modifying the existing ones.
* **Matching Number of Threads to Number of Cores**: Make your program dynamically detect the number of cores available on a system and set the number of resolver threads to take into account the number of cores. If you are trying to get extra credit on this assignment, I recommend starting with this option.
* **IPv6 Support and Testing**: Add support for IPv6 IP addresses and find an IPv6 aware environment where you can test this support. IPv6 is relatively new, so if you are unable to test this support at your home, you should try testing it at another location (such as on campus). You may find it necessary to modify code in util.h and util.c to complete this item. If you do so, please maintain backward compatibility with the existing code.
* **Full-Loop Lookups**: Make each requester thread query the output file every 250ms to detect when each of its requests have been filled. Requester threads should print a message to the user with the IP address of each hostname, and should not exit until all of the threads requests have been satisfied.
* **Benchmarks**: Determine the ideal number of resolver threads for a given processor core count. Provide benchmark data backing up your determination. Include this documentation in your README.
* **Condition Variables**: Implement your synchronization protections using POSIX condition variables. You must submit the original project working with mutexes or semaphores to get credit for this or any of the extra credit.
* **Condition Variables in C++11 or newer**: Implement your synchronization protections using C++11 or newer condition variables. This will require you to change the compilation to C++11 or a newer C compiler so make sure you update the Makefile and include in your tar package of files if you choose this option. You have to submit the original project working with mutexes or semaphores to get credit for this or any of the extra credit.
* **Go:** Implement the assignment in the Go programming language using Go's thread-safe channels and threads, minimum resolver/requester threads are the same.
* **Rust:** Implement the assignment in the Rust programming language using Rust in a threaded/thread-safe manner. 


## Grading
To received full credit your program must:
* Meet all requirements elicited in this document
* Build with "-Wall" and "-Wextra" enabled, producing no errors or warnings.
* Run without leaking any memory, as measured using valgrind
* Document any resources you use to solve your assignment in the header comment of your file
* Include your name in the header comment of your file

Your program should adhere to good coding style practices.

### NOTE: VALGRIND HAS ISSUES WITH THREADS, ONLY USE IF YOU ARE CURIOUS

To verify that you do not leak memory, you may want to use *valgrind* to test your program. To install *valgrind*, use the following command:
```
sudo apt-get install valgrind
```
And to use *valgrind* to monitor your program, use this command:
```
valgrind ./multi-lookup text1.txt text2.txt ...... textN.txt results.txt
```
Valgrind should report that you have freed all allocated memory and should not produce any additional warnings or errors.
You can write your code in any environment you like. But you have to make sure that your programs can be compiled and executed on Ubuntu.

## References
Refer to your textbook and class notes for descriptions of producer/consumer and reader/writer problems and the different strategies used to solve them.
The Internet is also a good resource for finding information related to solving this assignment.

You may wish to consult the man pages for the following items, as they will be useful and/or required to complete this assignment. Note that the first argument to the "man" command is the chapter, ensuring that you access the appropriate version of each man page. See example *man man* for more information.

* man 7 pthreads
* man 3 pthread_create
* man 3 pthread_join
* man 3 pthread_mutex_init
* man 3 pthread_mutex_destroy
* man 3 pthread_mutex_lock
* man 3 pthread_mutex_unlock
* man 3 fopen
* man 3 fclose
* man 3 fprintf
* man 3 fscanf
* man 3 usleep
* man 3 random
* man 3 perror
* man 1 valgrind

The mutex-related man pages may not be installed by default. You can install them using the following:
```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install manpages-posix-dev glibc-doc
```

Commit message:

Revise README with new Rust programs and recommendations
Updated the README to include new Rust programs and reorganized sections for clarity.

README.md, after:

CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine
==================================
## CSCI440 - Operating Systems
Adapted from University of Colorado at Boulder CSCI3753 Assignment

## Introduction
In this assignment you will develop a multi-threaded application that resolves domain names to IP addresses, similar to the operation preformed each time you access a new website in your web browser. The application is composed of two sub-systems, each with one thread pool: requesters and resolvers. The sub-systems communicate with each other using a bounded
queue.

This type of system architecture is referred to as a Producer-Consumer architecture. It is also used in search engine systems, like Google. In these systems, a set of crawler threads place URLs onto a queue. This queue is then serviced by a set of indexer threads which connect to the websites, parse the content, and then add an entry to a search index. Refer to Figure 1 for a visual description.


Figure 1: System Architecture
![Figure 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSUChico-CSCI440/CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/main/handout/pa2_2.png "System Architecture: Basic Idea of Implementation")

## Description
### Name Files
Your application will take as input a set of name files. Names files contain one hostname per line. Each name file should be serviced by a single requester thread from the requester thread pool.

### Requester Threads
The requester thread pool services a set of name files, each of which contains a list of domain names. Each name that is read from each of the files is placed on a bounded buffer (e.g. stack or FIFO queue). If a thread tries to write to the bounded buffer but finds that it is full, it should sleep for a random period of time between 0 and 100 microseconds.

### Resolver Threads
The second thread pool is comprised of a set of **THREAD_MAX** resolver threads. The resolver thread pool services the bounded buffer by taking a name off the bounded buffer and querying its IP address. After the name has been mapped to an IP address, the output is written to a line in the `results.txt` file in the following format:
```
www.google.com,74.125.224.81
```

### Synchronization and Deadlock
Your application should synchronize access to shared resources to avoid race conditions and deadlock. **You must use mutexes and/or semaphores to meet this requirement**. There are at least two shared resources that must be protected: the bounded buffer and the output file. Neither of these resources is thread-safe by default.

### Ending the Program
Your program must end after all the names in each file have been serviced by the application. This means that all the hostnames in all the input files have received a corresponding line in the output file.

## Hand Out Instructions
I recommend you use an Ubuntu Linux virtual machine to complete this assignment. Alternatively, you can
use ecc-linux (although this hasn’t been tested) or your native Linux install.

Download this repository as a zip file and then extract it where you would like to store your project files. An example for downloading and extracting the zip file is below, assuming you are in your home directory (you may remove the main.zip file after unzipping it):

```bash
~$ wget https://github.com/CSUChico-CSCI440/CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/archive/refs/heads/main.zip
~$ unzip main.zip
~$ cd CSCI440-DNS-Name-Resolution-Engine-Pthread-And-Rust/DNS-handout/
```

## What's Included
Some files are included with this assignment for your benefit. You are not required to use these files, but they may prove helpful.

1. **queue.h** and **queue.c** These two files implement the FIFO queue data structure. The queue accepts pointers to arbitrary types. You should probably use the queue to store pointers to C-strings of hostnames. The requester threads should push these hostnames into the queue, and the resolver threads should obtain hostnames from the same queue.
	* Please consult the *queue.h* header file for more detailed descriptions of each available function.
2. **queueTest.c** This program runs a series of tests to confirm that the queue is working correctly. You may use it as an example of how to use the queue, or to test the functionality of the queue code that you are provided.
3. **util.c** and **util.h** These two files contain the DNS lookup utility function. This function abstracts away a lot of the complexity involved with performing a DNS lookup. The function accepts a hostname as input and generates a corresponding dot-formatted IPv4 IP address string as output.
	* Please consult the *util.h* header file for more detailed descriptions of each available function.
4. **input/names\*.txt** This is a set of sample name files. They follow the same format as mentioned earlier. Use them to test your program.
   	* I recommend you make a copy of this folder to have a backup of these input files, e.g. `cp -r input input-original`
   	* This is useful in case you accidentally overwrite one or more of these files when executing the program
5. **lookup.c** This program represents an un-threaded solution to this assignment. Feel free to use it as a starting point for your program, or as a reference for using the utility functions and performing file i/o in C.
6. **pthread-hello.c** A simple threaded "Hello World" program to demonstrate basic use of the `pthread` library.
7. **Makefile** A GNU Make makefile to build all the code.
8. **lookup/src/main.rs**  This program represents an un-threaded solution to this assignment in Rust. You can use it as a starting point for your program, or as a reference for using the utility functions and performing file i/o in Rust.
9. **multi-lookup/src/main.rs** Currently just a Hello World program to be replaced with your Rust implementation.

## Helpful Recommendations

1. **results-ref.txt** Create this file to test your solution outputs against. You can create this by running the lookup program, e.g.:
```bash
$ ./lookup input/names1.txt input/names2.txt input/names3.txt input/names4.txt input/names5.txt results-ref.txt
```

## Additional Specifications
Many of the specifications for your program are embedded in the descriptions above. This section details additional specifications to which you must adhere.

### Program Arguments
Your executable program should be named "multi-lookup". When called, it should interpret the last argument as the file path for the file to which results will be written. All proceeding arguments should be interpreted as input files containing hostnames in the aforementioned format.

An example call involving three input files might look like:
```
multi-lookup names1.txt names2.txt names3.txt result.txt
```

### Limits
If necessary, you may impose the following limits on your program. If the user specifies input that would require the violation of an imposed limit, your program should gracefully alert the user to the limit and exit with an error.
* **MAX_INPUT_FILES**: 10 Files (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may also handle more files, or an unbounded number of files, but may not be limited to less than 10 input files.)
* **MAX_RESOLVER_THREADS**: 10 Threads (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may also handle more threads, or match the number of threads to the number of processor cores.)
* **MIN_RESOLVER_THREADS**: 2 Threads (This is a mandatory lower-limit. Your program may handle more threads, or match the number of threads to the number of processor cores, but must always provide at least 2 resolver threads.)
* **MAX_NAME_LENGTH**: 1025 Characters, including null terminator (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may handle longer names, but you may not limit the name length to less than 1025 characters.)
* **MAX_IP_LENGTH**: INET6_ADDRSTRLEN (This is an optional upper-limit. Your program may handle longer IP address strings, but you may not limit the name length to less than INET6_ADDRSTRLEN characters including the null terminator.)

### Error Handling
You must handle the following errors in the following manners:
* **Bogus Hostname**: Given a hostname that can not be resolved, your program should output a blank string for the IP address, such that the output file contains the hostname, followed by a comma, followed by a line return. You should also print a message to stderr alerting the user to the bogus hostname.
* **Bogus Output File Path**: Given a bad output file path, your program should exit and print an appropriate error to stderr.
* **Bogus Input File Path**: Given a bad input file path, your program should print an appropriate error to stderr and move on to the next file.

All system and library calls should be checked for errors. If you encounter errors not listed above, you should print an appropriate message to stderr, and then either exit or continue, depending upon whether or not you can recover from the error gracefully.

## External Resources
You may use the following libraries and code to complete this assignment, as well as anything you have written for this assignment:
* Any functions listed in util.h
* Any functions listed in queue.h
* Any functions in the C Standard Library
* Any function in the unistd.h package
* Standard Linux pthread functions
* Standard Linux Random Number Generator functions
* Standard Linux I/O functions

If you would like to use additional external libraries, you must clear it with me first. You will not be allowed to use pre-existing thread-safe queue or file I/O libraries since the point of this assignment is to teach you how to make non-thread-safe resources thread-safe.

## What You Must Provide
To receive full credit, you must submit the following items to [INGInious](https://inginious.csuchico.edu/) by the due date.

* **multi-lookup.c**: Your program, conforming to the above requirements
* **multi-lookup.h**: A header file containing prototypes for any function you write as part of your program.

## Extra Credit
There are a few options for receiving extra credit on this assignment. Completion of each of the following items will gain you 5 points of extra credit per item. If you alter any files other than *multi-lookup.c* and *multi-lookup.h* to accomplish the extra credit make sure you submit them as part of your assignment by taring up your whole project directory as a tar.gz file and submit to the extra credit option on INGInious. **Make sure you turn in your original functioning project (which synchronizes access to shared resources using mutexes and/or semaphores) prior to attempting any of the extra credit**. 

You should submit all the extra credit code in one tar.gz file. This tar file should contain a README.md that lists off which extra credit you solved, as well as your code for the extra credit (you may submit all extra credit in the same folder or in multiple folders, with the folder name representing the extra credit solved). Depending on the extra credits you complete, you may want to keep a copy of your original functioning program in a folder separate from your extra credit folder(s).

* **Multiple IP Addresses**: Many hostnames return more than a single IP address. Add support for listing an arbitrary number of addresses to your program. These addresses should be printed to the output file as additional comma-separated strings after the hostname. For example:
```
www.google.com,74.125.224.81,76.125.232.80,75.125.211.70
```
You may find it necessary to modify code in the util.h and util.c files to add this functionality. If you do this, please maintain backwards compatibility with the existing util.h functions. This is most easily done by adding new function instead of modifying the existing ones.
* **Matching Number of Threads to Number of Cores**: Make your program dynamically detect the number of cores available on a system and set the number of resolver threads to take into account the number of cores. If you are trying to get extra credit on this assignment, I recommend starting with this option.
* **IPv6 Support and Testing**: Add support for IPv6 IP addresses and find an IPv6 aware environment where you can test this support. IPv6 is relatively new, so if you are unable to test this support at your home, you should try testing it at another location (such as on campus). You may find it necessary to modify code in util.h and util.c to complete this item. If you do so, please maintain backward compatibility with the existing code.
* **Full-Loop Lookups**: Make each requester thread query the output file every 250ms to detect when each of its requests have been filled. Requester threads should print a message to the user with the IP address of each hostname, and should not exit until all of the threads requests have been satisfied.
* **Benchmarks**: Determine the ideal number of resolver threads for a given processor core count. Provide benchmark data backing up your determination. Include this documentation in your README.
* **Condition Variables**: Implement your synchronization protections using POSIX condition variables. You must submit the original project working with mutexes or semaphores to get credit for this or any of the extra credit.
* **Condition Variables in C++11 or newer**: Implement your synchronization protections using C++11 or newer condition variables. This will require you to change the compilation to C++11 or a newer C compiler so make sure you update the Makefile and include in your tar package of files if you choose this option. You have to submit the original project working with mutexes or semaphores to get credit for this or any of the extra credit.
* **Go:** Implement the assignment in the Go programming language using Go's thread-safe channels and threads, minimum resolver/requester threads are the same.
* **Rust:** Implement the assignment in the Rust programming language using Rust in a threaded/thread-safe manner. 


## Grading
To received full credit your program must:
* Meet all requirements elicited in this document
* Build with "-Wall" and "-Wextra" enabled, producing no errors or warnings.
* Run without leaking any memory, as measured using valgrind
* Document any resources you use to solve your assignment in the header comment of your file
* Include your name in the header comment of your file

Your program should adhere to good coding style practices.

### NOTE: VALGRIND HAS ISSUES WITH THREADS, ONLY USE IF YOU ARE CURIOUS

To verify that you do not leak memory, you may want to use *valgrind* to test your program. To install *valgrind*, use the following command:
```
sudo apt-get install valgrind
```
And to use *valgrind* to monitor your program, use this command:
```
valgrind ./multi-lookup text1.txt text2.txt ...... textN.txt results.txt
```
Valgrind should report that you have freed all allocated memory and should not produce any additional warnings or errors.
You can write your code in any environment you like. But you have to make sure that your programs can be compiled and executed on Ubuntu.

## References
Refer to your textbook and class notes for descriptions of producer/consumer and reader/writer problems and the different strategies used to solve them.
The Internet is also a good resource for finding information related to solving this assignment.

You may wish to consult the man pages for the following items, as they will be useful and/or required to complete this assignment. Note that the first argument to the "man" command is the chapter, ensuring that you access the appropriate version of each man page. See example *man man* for more information.

* man 7 pthreads
* man 3 pthread_create
* man 3 pthread_join
* man 3 pthread_mutex_init
* man 3 pthread_mutex_destroy
* man 3 pthread_mutex_lock
* man 3 pthread_mutex_unlock
* man 3 fopen
* man 3 fclose
* man 3 fprintf
* man 3 fscanf
* man 3 usleep
* man 3 random
* man 3 perror
* man 1 valgrind

The mutex-related man pages may not be installed by default. You can install them using the following:
```bash
sudo apt update
sudo apt install manpages-posix-dev glibc-doc
```
